Let's try to explain what is rooting and how it works in a typical Laravel application.
So starting from scratch, someone visits your website and then they are always directed into one single
file, the index in a public folder.
Yes, every single request to your Laravel application goes through this single file, which might be
a little bit different to what you are used to if you ever developed applications before, where typically
every page had a separate file.
From this point on, the router component takes over.
Its job is to understand the URL and decide what to do with it next, passing it to our controller.
So first, you would have to define some routes you can define in routes that are static or dynamic,
static means you just march on exact text like posts or dynamic, which means you much part of the text,
but then part of the route can be dynamic.
For example, it can accept different numbers as parameters.
So in this example that we have here, post one router would decide that this route matches and then
this would execute a specific code from our controller.
We'll talk about what is the controller, but generally that is a piece of code that actually handles
your request.
The job of Rueter is to just pass the request to a specific controller and the job of controller is
to generate a response.
Well, basically, that's everything about rooting.